https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-30036 (#8746)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_addon_with_argocd.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#enable-gitops-addon-with-argocd]

> = Enabling {gitops} add-on with _ArgoCD_ agent (Technology Preview)

Author: ```suggestion
= Enabling {gitops} add-on with Argo CD Agent (Technology Preview)
```

oc apply -f gitopscluster-example.yaml
----

. The controller automatically discovers the Argo CD Agent principal server address from the {ocp-short} Route. Verify the discovered address by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get gitopscluster gitops-agent-clusters -n openshift-gitops -o jsonpath='{.spec.gitopsAddon.argoCDAgent.serverAddress}'
----

+
*Note:* If you need to override auto-discovery for non-standard setups, you can manually specify `serverAddress` and `serverPort` in the `argoCDAgent` specification.

== Verifying the _ArgoCD_ installation 

After the Argo CD Agent is successfully deployed, verify the completion of the advanced `Pull Model` workflow by creating an application on the hub cluster and confirming it works on the managed cluster. 

To verify the necessary installations and resources for successful deployment, complete the following steps:

> 

Reviewer: Line 77 down to 109 can be cutdown greatly I think, and the header removed. I would just combine this with the process with steps or steps and sub steps.

1. Create an application to verify that the ...... (how do they do this?) This is from this line: `by creating an application on the hub cluster and confirming it works on the managed cluster. `

Maybe the following are sub steps or just steps, not sure. This may require a review from engineer.

2. Run the following command to...and confirm that you see....

2. Run the following command to verify that the agent principal is running on the hub cluster

kind: Application
metadata:
  name: guestbook
  namespace: <managed-cluster-name>
spec:
  project: default
  source:
    repoURL: https://github.com/argoproj/argocd-example-apps.git
    targetRevision: HEAD
    path: guestbook
  destination:
    server: https://<principal-server-address>:<port>?agentName=<managed-cluster-name>
    namespace: guestbook
  syncPolicy:
    automated:
      prune: true
      selfHeal: true
    syncOptions:
    - CreateNamespace=true
----

+
*Note:* The `<principal-server-address>` and `<port>` values are automatically discovered and stored in the `ArgoCD` cluster secret. Retrieve the server URL from the cluster secret by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get secret cluster-<managed-cluster-name> -n openshift-gitops -o jsonpath='{.data.server}' | base64 -d
----

.. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f application-example.yaml
----

.. On the managed cluster, verify the deployment of the application resources by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get all -n guestbook
----

> .. On the hub cluster, verify the application status appears by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. On the hub cluster, verify that the application status appears by running the following command:
```

Reviewer: We really could combine this.

159: On the ..... run the following command to verify that the status is `Synced`.

We take multiple lines to say that one thing.
